## CSE 110 Team 12 Mighty Morphin Powell Rangers (MMPR) - Team Meeting
###### Type: Team Cadance <br/> Location: Zoom <br/> Date: 02/13/21 <br/> Start Time: 2:00 p.m. <br/> End Time: 3:30 p.m.

### Attendance:
- [ ] Alan Li
- [x] Annie Van
- [x] Jessica Lam
- [x] Kevin Luo
- [X] Muhammad Fajar
- [ ] Nigel Lipps
- [x] Tristin Xie
- [x] Vishaal Ramaswamy Kasi Vasu
- [x] Zhaoge Ouyang

### Agenda

_Unresolved Business from Previous Meeting:_
- Testing

_New Business to be Discussed:_
- Final Base HTML layout
- Final MVP Design based on HTML layout
- Final Repo layout and pipeline
- Coding/Naming conventions

_Undiscussed Business from Today's Agenda:_
- None!

### Decisions/Points Discussed

_Repo and pipeline:_
- Layout: Master -> Testing -> Feature -> Personal Branch
- Jest, JSDocs, ESlint in Testing
- JSDocs in Features
- ESlint in Master
- Source subdir
  - main html
  - Components subdir
  - Assets subdir
  - Scripts subdir
  - Styles subdir

_Naming Conventions:_
- Branch naming: #-issueWord1-issueWord2
- File naming: custom-component.js
- camelCase for id and class
- custom-component for custom components (i.e. task-item)
- Issues: Word1-Word2
_Code Commenting:_
- Follow these conventions: [JSDocs!](https://jsdoc.app/)
